[Music]
so there are some remnants in mojo which
make it texting wrong
there's a small hi this is my home for
the day
I'm gonna be in here for about eight
hours and I think by the end of that
I'll be pretty well cooked it's not
healthy one's taking a relaxed stance
it's kind of almost horizontal back
there factually spent we've worked out
about 400 hours sitting in the pickup
definitely worst places to be this is a
pretty special place
[Music]
one of those cars is broken down now
we're having a bit of trouble I think
Carlos is on about his sake
I don't know what we're gonna do
it word yeah
are you feeling it wet
they don't call it the rainforest for
nothing
training reasonably wet it's one of nice
protective use of the rope but you'll
just have to imagine it now like I have
never really turned out to be the
morning we wanted is it
[Music]
today everyone sent me to calm down
we're done very fun literally everything
here is out to get you and hurt you in
some way shape or form hit me in the
face stung in the chin I'm now gonna
have a chin like a Jimmy Hill I think
God rest his soul
[Applause]
[Music]
a lot of the potentially fearless and
they'll come and sit right beside us
investigators
[Music]
oh Jesus burn them down so you decide to
leave the rainforest have a nice little
swim yeah still not safe around
[Music]
this guy is sorry signature he's just
fading away but I think as many places
or many elephants you can get this close
to
it was amazing to see them together ate
almost fully grown cheaters it's just
the most brilliant sight
possibly one of the maddest 5-10 minutes
of filming and in general just in my
life super special most the people that
have been filming and you know looking
for spectacled bears now they've just
got a handful of glimpses in their whole
life
a real real privilege is never getting
absolutely destroyed by mosquitoes
I loved a diaper some shut-eye
perfect end the perfect day
[Music]